
1. Challenges:

In my experience the big challenge with TDD is to think about wwhat your program should do, and how it will behave in certain situations, before the program actually exists. 
It is a big challenge when you are just starting out, but with some practice i personally find it very gratifying, and once you have the first tests written down,
everything else follows quite naturally, and it feels that thinking ahead of time like this makes the code more robust at the end, so i find it totally worth it.

2. What i have learned:

I have learned to look at the code from a different perspective, a more hollistic one, and i have learned to think about what i want the code to deliver,
and where it could go wrong, so that to make sure it behaves as i expect when i finally write it.
I have learnes how test works, their syntax, and how to separate what i want to test in different test methods in order to isolate the testing in to fragmented 
bits of my program, ie methods, and make every test as independent as possible, so that i can test that just this segment of code works, before proceeding to the next,
and gradually building my application as i go forward with the testing.

3. Considerations and asumptions:

I have made some asumptions as to make testing more easy, for example, i made the list of users public, so that i can add users manually in order to test certain situations.
This works well, and make my tests very independent, so that i dont need to use other methods except the one i am testing, but this situation maybe does not so well reflect
a real scenario, where i probably wont have this degree of free aceess to the code. That being said, i think it is a good place to start, and writing tests for more complex 
applications will obviously be more challenging, but i have the confidence that with the basics i have learned here, i will have the tools to tackle more complex problems,
and the determination to find out how to solve the situations i dont yet have the tools for.

I am very happy with the result, and really enjoyed the process.